hi guys I'm back all right first of all
I just want to say as disclaimer before
you hit me with your haterade I am going
to talk about the new thing stitch fix I
was not contacted by the company i am in
no way affiliated with them or anything
like that this is my own personal
experience i've heard about this before
on social media but i never really
looked into it more until one of my
clients the other day mentioned that she
has been using stitch fix and loved it
and recommended that i try it out so i
looked a little bit about it decided i
wanted to try it and sign myself up okay
so what it is it's stitch fix calm st i
ch fi x and basically it is a service
that every month will send you five
clothing related items ok so anyway
point is you take this big long survey
it takes probably 10 or 15 minutes they
ask you all of your sizes they'll show
sample outfits and you have to say
whether you like it hate it love it etc
um they'll ask you about colors your
hair color your eye color patterns that
you don't like if you are business
casual most of the time if your cocktail
party most of the time so this big long
thing to get to know you so the upfront
cost its twenty dollars a month and then
that twenty dollars goes towards
anything that you purchase I guess if
you get all five items you get
twenty-five percent off your total order
so I was really skeptical at first
because I like to shop and i'm pretty
picky about what I like so honestly I'm
not really sure why I did this because I
was thinking why would I like something
that somebody else picks out for me
however I've only done this once is my
first month but I am so excited alright
so it comes in this big huge box and
what I absolutely love is ok you get a
little card
alright and you can add notes and stuff
say what I said I'm getting married in
September so you know at some point I
would like to get some kind of rehearsal
dinner dress you know or something like
that um I'm trying to think you can pick
it'll say like I want to spend less than
fifty dollars on jewelry I want to spend
more than fifty dollars on jewelry I
want to spend more than 100 I don't want
to spend so you can pick you like for me
I don't like to spend a lot of money on
jewelry but i'll spend more money on
pants you know okay so they sent me this
little thing describing all of the items
and there's instructions on what to do
they send you a prepaid bag that you
just drop in the mail within three days
to send the stuff fact you don't like
again all this information comes with it
I just want to kind of give you a little
over all thing all right yeah again
another thing with directions but then
they give you these little cards and the
five items that they sent me well I
guess they sent me five but there's only
40 cuz the other ones a necklace so for
instance they sent me these black skinny
pant so then they show two options of
how to wear them so I thought that was
such a fun idea for people that you know
needs some styling help okay so what I
got now this isn't gonna make any sense
I'm keeping the pants out of this order
i'm sending everything else back but i
liked everything else ok so i know
you're thinking well then why the hell
are you keeping everything alright so
we're my little paper go yeah oh alright
so the first thing to base fit me what
is this necklace i'm going to try to go
fast super cute right statement necklace
this was $32 or is i have one very
similar i'm not sure where it's from now
like Francesca's or a little boutique
like that so i don't need another one
but it's cute so that's where i'm not
keeping this alright next thing
she sent me oh and you get your own
little personal stylist this may be in
my car oh I decided to do this really
quick so I'm not prepared there's also a
little card like this that is a note
from your stylist and she was saying you
know Jess I thought this would be great
for your bridal shower on and on and on
and on so I like that they actually read
the information that you give them okay
so she sent this or they whoever sent
this blue polka dot little dress with
the belt it's so cute siberut up the
back um I tend to look better in more
fitted things this kind of just this was
so cute but it wasn't that flattering on
me so in the note that i wrote back or
typed back on my email i said i'd prefer
fitted dresses in the future but this
was a hundred and fourteen dollars so
again when they send you the email and
you reply with what you don't like you
get to pick keep it or send it back and
then you get to put it how it fit fit
just right didn't fit love it don't love
it how the price point was I don't
really spend over a hundred dollars on
dresses so I wrote that then i'd prefer
cheaper dresses in the future okay next
thing was a shirt so cute as well navy
blue i wrote that i would like to tuck
in loser blouses so she had mentioned
that in my letter that this would be so
cute okay this again is one of those
things it's so cute it fits great i love
it they have this at $68 I don't love it
enough for $68 you know does that make
sense I don't know okay last thing no 2
or things at first when I saw this my
daughter and I both go blue okay this
sweater now it looks so cute on okay
love it however this is I'm looking at
the paper that's why I'm looking at
here seventy-eight dollars so I wrote in
my note back if this would have been
cheaper I would have kept this but I
love the skinny pants they sent me okay
so these are just black skinny jeans ish
okay these are ninety-eight dollars so
since these are so expensive to me okay
and the sweater was a little bit pricier
I didn't want to get both of them so
since I'm only getting these I throw
everything else back in this bag it's
prepaid you mail it back the twenty
dollars that you originally sign up for
with your debit card or whatever will
get taken off these so these will end up
being $78 um which again like I said I
don't mind spending money on pants on a
side note I probably would have kept the
sweater as well but we just went to Iowa
City shopping so I spent quite a bit of
money so I don't I didn't need the
sweater the cardigan um so yeah so I
feel like I'm losing something something
else um I am loving this I mean I only
know I did it once it is a reoccurring
thing so that's why I've never done oh
shoot what are those the beauty boxes
every month or the beauty products or
stuff like that because I don't want to
be stuffed down to doing it every single
month so that is kind of a negative you
have to go online and cancel it or
something but you can cancel anytime for
no charge um and I'm not sure how it
works if you don't send it back within
so long i'm assuming they charge you the
full price so for example the total that
they say for all of these items is 390
dollars for the five items oh really now
you with the styling fee credit minus 20
and if you buy five you get twenty five
percent off that takes off $92 if i
would have kept everything it would have
been 277 um so but I'm only keeping the
one thing good call
that I have that does this she says she
usually keeps one thing for order I'm
just think it's so fun now if I wouldn't
have liked this stuff I probably would
have canceled but I felt like such an
idiot when i was typing the thing back
because i would say i love it but i'm
not keeping it yeah i mean what um they
also you can do handbags I picked not to
have any scarves sent to me I might pick
to not have any jewelry sent to me to
just because I would rather have another
shirt option I think then the jewelry I
don't know um okay now this is the thing
where it's like oh well they do have the
referral program so if you go if you
click on like the link of your friend on
Facebook or me or whoever if you sign up
i get twenty-five dollars off or
something like that so which is awesome
because then I could have kept the
sweater do you know what I mean so I am
gonna put my link below but again
everybody gets that if you sign up for
this I feel like um like everybody has
their own link so although I would love
you to sign up and get this from me you
know if your best friend is doing it and
now you're convinced because i'm talking
about it you know sign up through her or
whatever um yeah you just have to go on
and see like it's so fun to pick like i
love this style of outfit I don't love
this I don't know see I say this neck
this time I'm probably next time I'll
get a tons of stuff I don't like but
then you can also put like if you
normally wear this kind of jeans if you
like and then you'll say i love my butt
so show off my butt I don't like my
stomach don't show off my stomach I love
this you know Dylan lap so check it out
stitch fix com um if you're into this
kind of thing and oh I think if you send
it all back you don't get your twenty
dollars back for that month so that's
that's not a good thing because then
you're out that money it's like the
styling feet
so there you go okay if you have any
questions comment below and thanks for
watching bye